# E-Commerce-EaseBuy

The problem statement for the project involves developing a real time application for an E-Commerce. The platform will allow the customers to register and purchase products. Addition-ally, the administrator will also be allowed by the platform to have access to all the relations. Theapplication will be scalable, portable and easily maintainable. We intend to develop an online,real time, web based application for the E-Commerce platform. In the subsequent paragraphsand chapters, we will present comprehensive analysis and information about the design of thesolution we propose.The E-Commerce platform has a sign-up and login window and which can be used by the cus-tomers and administrators to provide their personal information and get a unique user id. Afterthe user id of a customer has been generated, the platform allows the user to purchase products,manage their orders, check their personalized cart and track the orders. The platform will allowthe customer to navigate to different categories of the products as listed on the website. Further-more, the platform will place the order once the payment transaction of the customer has beenverified. The user can also be registered as an administrator, who can overview all the productsthat has been purchased by the different customers, all the customer details and the paymentverification. The administrator will also have the access to change the relations if need arisesto incorporate future needs. This project is highly relevant since e-commerce heavily relies ondatabases for tracking transactions, managing product databases, and enabling the marketingteam to track traffic, acquire potential customers, and maintain existing ones.
